I decided to design my game this way because it made it the most efficient versio of the game. I decided to make it so that the program would read the users inputs and split them up into an action and a noun. Then depending on the action, a certain task would be made. I could have used contains to find the action being used, but I decided against this because it would have been not as efficient. I also thought about using keys, but I also decided against that because I would have had to look at all keys. I chose this way, because I could keep the player moving and also allow it to move the objects. Another plus, was by doing it this way I was able to create an Entity class which extends to the puzzle, object, and place class which made the game more connected. Although an issue is that the user is only able to input two words so the 'living room' has to be 'living' and there is an exception if the user only inputs on word. These are the setbacks with the way I chose to design my game, but I am still happy with my choise. This design made it so I was able to create,places, and objects very easily in the adventure class.The object class is great, because it keeps track of where the object currently is and you are able to drop and grab objects as well. Then the place class allows the user to traverese between different places, and uses links to know where the user is able to go and where they cannot go. The puzzle class, is made so that the player needs a certain object, and to do a certain action to solve the puzzle. This class is the one I struggled with the most, because no I have actions which are specifically made for just one puzzzle which is not the most efficient, but it was the best way I could think of. Overall, I am believe my design is justified because it was efficient and took advantage of inheritance.